My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Next problem.
Who performed the Taika Reforms?
Hantaro Nagaoka?
Who's that? It's wrong.
It's leyasu Tokugawa!
-Idiot, it's Nobunaga Oda!
-You're the dumbhead! It's leyasu!
-Shut up! It's Nobunaga!
-You bastard!
-You guys are both dumb.
-What?
It was performed by Prince Nakano-Oeno
and Kamatari Nakatomi.
The Taika Reforms were
political reforms...
...in the first year of Taika
after they destroyed the Soga clan.
Kotoku took the throne,
Nakano-Oeno became prince...
...and Kamatari became minister.
They established a new era
and moved the capitol to Namba.
They established
the family registration system.
They also enforced the Handen-Shuju
Law as well as taxation systems.
The central government and bureaucracy
were solidified in this era.
There are theories
which deny the reforms.
By the way, Hantaro Nagaoka was
a physics scholar.
Born in 1865 and died in 1950.
A professor at Tokyo University and
the first dean of Osaka University...
...he contributed to the fields
of optics and physics.
-Who cares about that stuff?
-This is no time to be laughing!
Japanese History
100 Questions
Unless you score highest
on the exam, you'll be fired!
-You have only a week.
-What are you gonna do?
I'll manage somehow.
You can't!
Oh, there you are!
I've been looking all over for you.
What did you need me for?
What's wrong?
You look pretty serious.
I have something important
to tell you.
Would you like to sleep over
at my place for a week and study?
I'll be waiting for you
completely prepared.
I think Fuyutsuki-sensei lives alone
in a one-room apartment in Kugayama.
What?
Is it true? Are you sure?
I'll kill you if it's not true!
What are you getting excited about?
You said it was a one-room?
She lives by herself?
Hey, come on!
Tell me! Hey, hey, hey!
One room means a young man
and woman stay together alone...
... under the same roof for a week!
I wonder what we are going to study.
-It's crowded.
-Yes.
Are you sure you don't mind
letting me stay here?
What are you talking about?
You're on the verge of being fired.
Here we are.
Please come in.
It's very spacious
for a one-room unit.
That's why I decided
to rent this place.
Relax and make yourself comfortable.
O.K.
A treasure mound!
Smells feminine.
Wow! Awesome!
I'm in a woman's room. A woman!
Starting today, a young man and woman
will sleep under one roof for a week.
And every night we'll have
a "love " study session.
Make sure you solve one problem
at a time.
Love Soldier
O.K. I'll solve problems!
I'll solve problems!
Come on, you Y-curve, you!
Geography
No, start with geography.
ChiChiBu Basin
-Come on, ChiChiBu Basin!
-That's the Southern Alps.
The Northern Alps! Wow, the Fossa
Magna! Next is a rain forest.
Tropical Rain Forest
What kind of study group is this?
What about a rain forest?
Oh, no, I was just studying geography.
-Wow, you're so motivated!
-Very!
Then let's begin!
Energy drinks? Is it going
to be an all-night session?
I won't let you sleep tonight.
I bought plenty of equipment.
Wow, are we using equipment?
Just leave it to me.
Just between you and me,
I don't have much experience...
...so I'll let you lead me.
What is this?
They're man-power
development equipment.
Man-power development?
It's an excellent product
to cultivate potential capability.
Did you feel the alpha wave?
I can feel a lot of cold sweat
running down my back.
Here's dinner. Please eat a lot.
This?
A grilled tuna head
contains a lot of DHA...
...which helps your brain
function better.
Especially in here.
You want me to eat the eyeballs?
Of course! I also made a tuna
eyeball salad. So help yourself.
Mathematics: Basic Questions
-We'll work on workbooks all night.
-Workbooks?
-Not the rain forest?
-Leave it to me.
One Week Schedule
ENDURANCE
If you follow this schedule...
...you'll be able to score highest
in the national exam.
I won't let you get fired,
no matter what!
I see an assignment during sleep time.
This is a "learning
while sleeping" method.
Learning while sleeping?
Why is he there?
Kiosk
Onizuka-kun at your place?
Leave it to me. We'll surprise
the Vice Principal and everybody else.
Is that so? I'm confident in you.
But I have mixed feelings
as a principal...
...about teachers from
the same school living together.
No! It's not living together!
That's not the case.
I'm teasing. Onizuka-kun will overcome
any obstacles. I believe in him.
Principal!
You're wasting your time and energy
trying to help such a loser.
-Who founded the Mongolian Empire?
-Yoshitsune Minamono.
Who is the 8th Tokugawa shogun?
Ken Matsudaira. No, Toshiyuki Nishida.
Goal for Tokyo University
You're tired. You've been studying
for 10 hours straight now.
Let's take a break
and have some snacks.
What? Snacks? Yeah! Yeah!
The tuna head didn't look appetizing
so I made it into a dessert.
Doesn't it look delicious?
I can't stand this lifestyle!
Calm down! Why don't you listen
to the alpha wave music?
"Want to" means shitai.
"To be able to" means dekiru.
"May" means shite yoi.
"Had better" means shita hoga yoi.
"Desire," yokubo.
How much longer does this last?
He'll be fired.
It's almost 100% sure.
Even though it's only
junior high school level...
...that idiot won't be able
to score the highest.
But Murai and the others have
been hanging out with Onizuka.
Also, Kikuchi is in their group.
That's true.
That guy is supersmart, isn't he?
Miyabi?
Bread that makes you smart
I heard that it contained
what's called DOHC.
DOHC? That's an engine, isn't it?
DHA, docosahexaenoic acid.
Are you all right? You look pale.
Onizuka-sensei!
It's time. Let's review
what you learned yesterday.
O.K.
That's hell.
He's probably expecting heaven.
He might actually go to heaven.
His brain is not meant for studying.
Now, as the last resort,
we should do him a favor.
Isn't it too risky?
-Do you want Onizuka to be fired?
-But, still....
Don't do it. If someone finds out,
you'll get expelled. It's too risky.
Shut up.
Do you have any better ideas?
I'm indebted to Onizuka in a way.
So I can't abandon him.
I'll do it myself, even if you don't.
I'll do it tonight. O.K.?
ChiChiBu Basin.
Name - Eikichi Onizuka
[Hold Out! Japan!]
Time is up.
Wow, I'm sure
all the answers are correct!
Your hard work must be paying off.
-Look at these!
-Then I'll grade your papers.
I'm so impressed that I solved
all those problems all by myself.
I have this feeling of accomplishment.
I might get hooked on studying.
How was it?
It can't be!
I wrote all the answers.
Did you make mistakes grading?
Such bad scores!
Let's do it again.
I'll be dead serious this time.
Are you sure the national
exam papers are in here?
I saw the Vice Principal
putting them in this safe.
I also saw the combination.
Hurry! If we're too slow, we'll
get caught by the security guards.
It's open! We did it!
As long as we have this...
National Scholastic
Trial Examination
...Onizuka will--
That's it, you guys!
You guys are stupid. Did you
think you could get away with it?
You guys are so naive. To get expelled
for the sake of a dumb teacher.
Aizawa.
-They're the ones!
-What are you guys doing?
This is the end. Why don't you
give up and take your masks off?
You betrayers, Murai and friends!
-Let me see your face!
-We'll hand you over to the police!
-I can't turn on the light!
-Check the breakers!
They got away.
-What happened?
-I don't know.
That's why I said
it was too much risk.
It's impossible.
Unless somebody performs
transformation surgery on me...
...I can't score highest.
With a strong will and muscles...
...I can manage in anything
but academic fields.
Maybe I'm not suited to be a teacher.
Don't pretend you don't know anything.
It won't do you any good.
We know what you did last night.
It was a criminal act.
That wench, Aizawa, she told on us!
You don't mind getting expelled
for that piece of trash Onizuka?
-Is there any proof that it was us?
-Right. Do you have proof?
What?
All right.
If you do it one more time...
...you will definitely get caught
and be expelled. Be prepared!
If we don't get caught,
we won't get expelled or punished.
We'll do it again!
Don't interfere in my business!
They're only thinking of you.
I'm not so helpless and downtrodden
that you need to take pity on me.
Besides, I can't let
my students take any more risks...
...for a teacher.
You guys stay put and watch.
I'll show you what
it takes to be a teacher.
Goal for Tokyo University
Wow, I almost fell asleep.
You're pushing too far. You don't need
to put needles on your forehead.
Don't worry.
I can't learn the lesson
unless I go to such an extreme.
It was good stimulation.
Wow, I almost fell asleep.
Please stop! You will bleed
to death before the exam!
Leave me alone.
What happened? All of a sudden,
you're so motivated.
I declared to them that
I will score highest...
...and show them
what it takes to be a teacher.
When you make such a declaration,
there's no choice but to do it.
Why don't you take a bath?
You haven't bathed in a week.
It will help you relax.
That's right. It's already tomorrow.
The test of destiny.
Tomorrow will be doomsday for
that perverted Cro-Magnon man...
...who embarrassed you
and your mother.
He'll be taken away
in disgrace from our school...
...and from the world
of education.
Eikichi Onizuka, what an annoying man!
Who does he think I am?
It's no fun to punish you!
Dear Hidemi....
Onizuka-sensei, he has already left.
Holy Forest Academy
In 1946, proclamation
of Constitution in Japan....
It's no use.
You're gonna be fired anyway.
Hey, it's you again.
It's not too late. If you don't want
to lose your job, just lick my feet.
I'm sorry, but I have no intention
of asking you to help me. Understand?
Idiot! Are you making light
of me, you incompetent teacher?
If you want your feet licked,
find a dog or a cat.
What? You lick them!
-No.
-Lick them!
What a persistent child!
Please lick them! How come only you
won't do what I tell you to?
Never mind. You irritate me.
I'm going home!
Yeah, yeah. Do whatever you like.
What in the world is wrong with her?
She's gotta be a pervert.
What are you doing to me? Stop it!
Sorry, kid.
I need you to come with me.
Don't worry. I won't be rash...
...only if your father,
the assemblyman...
...does what we ask him to do.
Futogaki-san, a weird newspaper
delivery guy is following us.
What is that?
In the year 645, the family
of Soga-no-Ohji perished.
In 752, the giant Buddha of Todai-ji
was established.
In 794, the capitol was transferred
to Heian-kyo.
In 1053, Ho-oh-doh of Byodo-in
was built.
In 1059, the revolution
by the Heike clan began.
You bastards!
I need to take an exam!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
Which gang do I belong to?
3rd grade, class 4!
This isn't child's play,
you know, teacher.
Onizuka.
Then, goodbye.